**Prerequisites**
1. Android Emulator: Ensure you have an Android emulator configured and running in Android Studio. You can create and run an emulator by following the instructions provided in the Android Studio documentation.
2. Appium Server: Install and run the Appium Server. You can download the Appium Server GUI from the official website. Follow the installation instructions provided there.
3. WebdriverIO (optional): If you plan to use WebdriverIO for your test automation, make sure you have it installed globally using npm:
npm install -g @wdio/cli

**Running Tests**
Once you have the prerequisites set up, follow these steps to run your tests:

1. Start the Android Emulator: Launch the Android Emulator from Android Studio.
2. Start the Appium Server:
    1. Open the Appium Server GUI.
    2. Configure the desired capabilities for your test (e.g., device name, platform version, app path).
    3. Start the Appium Server by clicking on the "Start Server" button.
    4. Run Tests with WebdriverIO (optional):If you're using WebdriverIO for your test automation, navigate to your project directory and run:
      npx wdio 
This command will execute your WebdriverIO tests using the configurations specified in your wdio.conf.js file.
    4. Inspect Test Results: Monitor the test execution in the Appium Server GUI console. You can also view detailed logs and reports generated by WebdriverIO, depending on your test setup.
  
**Additional Resources**
Appium Documentation
WebdriverIO Documentation
